TINY-7596: Fix all contents of cell being deleted when only part of the contents were selected (#7176)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Fixed

> - Deleting content within selections that contained content outside a table and content within a cell could result in the entire contents of the cell being incorrectly deleted #TINY-7596

Author: I need help with explaining this bug in shortform changelog format

Author: I like your second one, although it's more 'incorrect' content because it would also not delete any of the content outside the table. Anyone else have any thoughts?

Author: ```suggestion
- Delete operations could behave incorrectly if the selection crossed a table boundary #TINY-7596
```

> - Deleting content within selections that contained content outside a table and content within a cell could result in the entire contents of the cell being incorrectly deleted #TINY-7596

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deleting content within selections that contained content outside a table and content within a cell could result in the entire contents of the cell getting deleted #TINY-7596
```
Maybe?
